all right guys what is going on is Jo
here I woke to another king slits Luis
Suarez the Trumper the biter the vampire
whatever you want to call him he's a
sensational footballer I must admit and
we have his in phone card here that I'm
going to be risking and hopefully not
losing but possibly it is on his first
informed now if you want to see me pink
slip his second informant I really
fucking don't want to do and this is
going to sound stupid but if we can hit
350 likes now the reason why babe it's
so absurd is because I really don't want
to have to think of a player without 800
k if you guys fucking do that then I
will do it and I'll stick to my word
otherwise I won't lose its second day
for Luis Suarez but if you want to see
that fringe of 50 likes we're using the
same team that absolutely boss the last
king so hopefully it happens again
obviously we got the man that is Muriel
and then we have higway who was replaced
in form Balotelli that we managed to
keep hold of last time out as you
probably would have seen that video if
not go back and watch it because it was
a really really good thing said anyway
so I'm going to jump at this now and
hopefully hopefully I don't fucking lose
before we start the man let's check make
sure you check out 150 / cheap and
reliable ultimate team coins use the
discount code Jam it's like a five cent
off all your purchases go grab yourself
some coins guys ok so our opponent has
joined the game his name is Nick place
before we picked him off Twitter make
sure you check out my put if you want
the chance to play mean these is at gem
XP fo we've got the toothbrush which
helped us for a net our last time so
please don't lose this joke come on
there we go in the gear oh shit he's got
a sick team look at that team fuck ah
Eddie Johnson I'm lap are they gonna
deal the dick all right you know it's
okay though it's okay we can still win
this I'm confident I'm feeling confident
more come on oh come on oh let do this
morale Muriel's fruit its fruit he's
gone let's whip this in within are the
cross afore he's left it ah Higuain
really should have finished that ah no
Kaka the sweat yes yes oh I didn't know
what happened they had to start stopped
and it really mirror just SAT there and
controlled it you can equally just put
it in first time and save me I almost
having a fucking heart attack but its
controls it and stopped I fucking shat
myself ah thank God managed to school oh
shit those clothes I thought the runic
Oni was gonna crush my dreams their
Goodwin Goodwin kakow so he gwine back
to Mario can you get there Oh bread come
on yes surely as a pen shit what no peds
or shoot us a red do derpity derp derp
derp derp derp derp derp derp dee derp
derp derp derp derp derp derp derp derp
derp he took me out i was so free ah i
am not a happy bunny now oh wow nice to
get daniele de rossi on this Oh
poolside in bed I'll tell you who knew
gets it
Jesus in science come on look at that he
absolutely wallet sir and the goal do
nothing about the rap dear rustic okay
guys I'm gonna be bringing on the Trump
announced gonna give Suarez and go take
off McGuane he's not really doing the
job I mean I know it's the only 24
minutes in but still we need to give
Suarez the chance to save himself lovely
line it line it ah I'm Maria Maria first
of reactant ease away seize the run of
Suarez but you'll call for the caca or
can you not finish it no oh great say
from the goalkeeper they're lovely I
want to give it to Luis Suarez hit that
on the volley are just over the bar a
little bit too much power and MIT da
mario Maria's proof come on this
definitive finish yet yeah renew the
toothbrush come on come on ah surely
there's no way back now no way back look
at that again we are dominating I am on
freaking fire right now I am on fire cuz
i got a new power source this is my
power source is my Santa power source
and literally I'm fucking shoving this
up motherfuckers ass cuz i am raping
shit up no house he slipped up the sweat
know how we defended that ah i know
scored i did so well to defend it
somehow or i might be a little bit lucky
what really lucky but still I don't like
that that's free one there's a way back
from here you can't let there be a way
back okay well it seems to frozen which
is surprising of FIFA not always fucking
freezes so yeah I'm after Dasher and see
what's going on ok guys so we've
reconnected we just gonna play 30
minutes of the first half he's changed
his team he needs to score two goals to
go level free to win the game and that
is it with no reply from me so I'm
hoping we should be able to hold out and
get this win and not lose Suarez so yeah
let's go
no oh oh shit that was way too close
what are you doing Buffon you freaking
dick alright guys so we're going to kick
this ball and it will be the end of the
game and we've managed to hold on to
inform swear is very very happy about
that I can not believe I've won another
pink slips it's just outstanding i'm on
a fucking fire right now ladies and
gentlemen so if you did enjoy the video
make sure you hit like remember 350
likes I know it's unlikely if we get 350
likes second inform Suarez that's the
eight of you okay dude so I'll pick the
PIP so make sure you smash the like
button subscribe to our already so you
don't miss that and make sure you check
up on people calm pets what then I'll
see you all next time adios